new 2020 roadmap and update pages (#164)
arXiv/arxiv-docs: about/reports/2020_update.md

# arXiv Annual Update, January 2020

_Published January 16, 2020_

arXiv’s free distribution service and open archive continues to grow annually and hosts over 1.6 million e-prints in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Quantitative Biology, Quantitative Finance, Statistics, Electrical Engineering and Systems Science, and Economics. In 2019, the repository received 1,639,224 [new submissions](/help/stats/2019_by_area), a 10% increase from 2018, and about 260 million downloads from all over the world.

## Leadership and Staffing Changes

arXiv is excited to be recruiting a full time Executive Director. This new full-time position will lead arXiv into the future as a digital archive and open access distribution service for research articles.

> After 10 years of leading arXiv Oya Y. Rieger has stepped down from her role as Program Director to join Ithaka S+R as Senior Strategist. Oya has led a constantly evolving organization with a passionate user community, always moving ahead to ensure a sustainable, reliable service. Over her term, Oya has developed a diverse business model for arXiv and facilitated the initiation of the [arXiv Next-Gen](https://confluence.cornell.edu/display/arxivpub/Next+Generation+arXiv) initiative. From her career as Associate University Librarian at Cornell and arXiv's Program Director, she has developed partnerships and served as an advisor to a broad range of scholarly communication initiatives. Her commitment to community engagement, transparency, open access, fairness, patience, and responsiveness have been embedded in the core values of the arXiv team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 10 years of leading arXiv Oya Y. Rieger has stepped down from her role as Program Director to join Ithaka S+R as Senior Strategist. Oya has led a constantly evolving organization with a passionate user community, always moving ahead to ensure a sustainable, reliable service. Over her term, Oya has developed a diverse business model for arXiv and facilitated the initiation of the [arXiv Next-Gen](https://blogs.cornell.edu/arxiv/2019/10/31/arxiv-ng-project-explanation/) initiative. From her career as Associate University Librarian at Cornell and arXiv's Program Director, she has developed partnerships and served as an advisor to a broad range of scholarly communication initiatives. Her commitment to community engagement, transparency, open access, fairness, patience, and responsiveness have been embedded in the core values of the arXiv team.
```

Our moderators are an essential component of arXiv&#39;s success. Our 180 subject experts verify that submissions are topical and of interest to the scientific community, follow accepted standards of scholarly communication, and are classified in the appropriate subject categories. _We salute them!_

We also thank the members of the arXiv advisory groups ([Scientific Advisory Board](/about/people/scientific_ad_board), [Member Advisory Board](/about/people/member_ad_board), and [IT Advisory Group](/about/people/technical_ad_group)) for their consistent and essential contributions as representatives of scientific and library communities. We remain grateful for strong support from [our member organizations](/about/ourmembers), [Simons Foundation](https://www.simonsfoundation.org/), and essential contributions from arXiv&#39;s advisory groups as. We also thank the [Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/), [Heising-Simons Foundation](https://www.hsfoundation.org/), and [Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence](https://allenai.org/) for their generous support of arXiv.

***

**arXiv Management Team**

> Jim Entwood (Interim Executive Director, Operations Manager), Steinn Sigurdsson (Scientific Director), Martin Lessmeister (IT Lead), Janelle Morano (Former Community Engagement & Development Coordinator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jim Entwood (Interim Executive Director, Operations Manager), Steinn Sigurdsson (Scientific Director), Martin Lessmeister (IT Lead), Alison Fromme (Community Engagement & Development Coordinator), Janelle Morano (Former Community Engagement & Development Coordinator)
```
